13 hello welcome to this new one
looking for a garden show we are in a place a
famous very famous because of mine
shoulders there is that ignoble construction
edged in white and red than the former
Montalto di Castro nuclear power plant
always an area that offers fish
I try to fish straight we must there
I can do 90 100 meters
we wait here for there is a
double
long paternoster
long enough the low baited hook
a little piece of eras nicolas is a man
of the eight the superior man always love
eight
however the roof of American often
and we do not know where to go to
fishing which are conditions of
little wind poor air circulation e
then we have to look at the map
geographically understand literally from where
comes the wind is a function of
presence of the chin
we can understand if a beach can
have a minimum wave or be
completely dead
go on the internet look at the various
webcams that are placed in many
bathing establishments and through
this web
if they work you can understand
immediately if there is a minimum wave
how is the situation
even at certain times if the sea
is fishable would have a moment of
baits that we use enough sea
basically calm then rings
some boxes of nico areas have them
bring 4 for this fishing day and
three boxes of american box
quite full with a lot of worms
big that I brought a bunch of
canoe niche
on the sunset
I don't know what it is
here it comes
looks like a beautiful ratella
beautiful the queen of our beaches
put my miracle back immediately